Action Plan for Nubians North NFT Project

Phase 1: Foundation and Planning

    Business Strategy Development
        Document detailed business objectives and ensure alignment with 
the project mission.
        Identify target market segments and prospective NFT collectors.

    Legal and Compliance Research
        Research legal implications related to NFTs and cryptocurrencies.
        Consult with a legal expert to ensure compliance with relevant 
regulations.

    Develop Project Roadmap
        Outline key milestones and timelines for the projectâ€™s development 
stages.

Phase 2: Art Creation and Collection Development

    Art Development
        Collaborate with artists to create 100 unique farm life art 
pieces.
        Ensure each piece is original and captures the essence of Nubians 
North.

    NFT Minting Preparation
        Choose an NFT platform (e.g., Ethereum, Solana) and set up the 
necessary wallet.
        Determine technical specifications for the NFTs (file formats, 
metadata, etc.).

Phase 3: Tokenomics and SPL Token Development

    Design Tokenomics
        Formulate a detailed tokenomics model for the SPL token, including 
minting mechanisms based on herd size and profitability metrics.

    Develop SPL Token
        Create the SPL token smart contract (if using Solana) or a similar 
contract on your chosen platform.
        Conduct testing to ensure token functionality.

Phase 4: Creating Utility Tools and Platform Development

    Develop Farm Business Management Tool
        Plan and start development of the management tool integrated with 
blockchain technology.
        Implement HACCP protocols and ensure user-friendly features for 
farmers.

    Establish Community Governance Structure
        Define governance processes for NFT collectors and SPL token 
holders, including voting rights and decision-making structures.

Phase 5: Marketing and Community Building

    Create Marketing Strategy
        Develop a marketing strategy encompassing social media, content 
marketing, and collaborations.
        Prepare promotional content that highlights the value of the NFTs 
and the Cheese Coin rewards.

    Launch Community Engagement Initiatives
        Host webinars, farm tours, or educational sessions to engage 
potential NFT collectors and interested young farmers.
        Create a community platform (e.g., Discord, Telegram) for 
real-time engagement and updates.

Phase 6: Launch and Distribution

    NFT Minting and Sale
        Launch the NFT collection for sale on your chosen platform.
        Ensure that the allocation of Cheese Coin (curds) is automated 
with NFT purchases.

    SPL Token Distribution
        Implement systems for SPL token distribution to NFT collectors 
based on their holdings.

Phase 7: Monitoring and Iteration

    Monitor Market Response
        Collect data on NFT sales, community engagement, and feedback.
        Analyze metrics to understand performance and user sentiment.

    Iterate Based on Feedback
        Regularly update the community on developments and enhancements.
        Improve the platform and tools based on user feedback.

    Scale Community and Product Offering
        Explore partnerships with other agricultural businesses for 
adoption of your business management tool.
        Expand the NFT and token collection as the community grows.

Additional Considerations

    Set Up Communication Channels: Determine how you will keep 
stakeholders updated on progress, such as monthly newsletters.
    Risk Management: Identify potential risks throughout the execution 
phases and develop mitigation strategies.
    Documentation: Maintain thorough documentation throughout the project 
execution for future reference and transparency within the community.

